frickin beautiful day in New York
[Music]
yesterday not not so much I hope you
guys are doing well I got a window fixed
so that is good my apartment
finally I mean I am making move making
the moves over here thank you for all of
your kind words and lots of dignity long
video someone tries to break into my
apartment and it was a whole a whole
thing thank you for the kind words of
concerned all of you guys had
suggestions for me get gone to the fire
aren't going to buy shotguns that are
getting a gun this is all my favorites
this is why you liberals need guns my a
gun gun I'll get some of that peachy
pepper spray I didn't try to buy a stun
gun I had it shipped to Texas for some
reason it doesn't ship to New York
apparently New York City doesn't allow
freaking stun guns and Geney could go to
jail for like ever if she send it to me
so now my brother has a stun gun
Sarah John's testing out your stun gun
okay stop my mom is going to have to
hide that from him see the funny thing
is that I am a Texas girl born ran Texas
Merc so I've actually had my fair share
of experience with gun now that I am in
New York City I don't know what so
garden is the best idea I'm pretty sure
they're just completely illegal here I'm
not a crazy gun nut at all but I'm also
not like no one should have guns ever
I just don't think New York City is like
the right place a little like small
small spaces and truthfully I'm a
terrible shot being a bad shot has
always kind of bothered me because I
destroy me I'm pretty good
and sports ball yay sports ball I can
catch on to things very quickly but when
it comes to Amy a gun that I used to go
deer hunting near huntin with my family
I would never shoot deers because I want
to shoot freaking animals but tail but
I'd be like the 13 year old driving
driving the Jeep and then you know we'd
have some target practices with some 22
or rifle all of those numbers that are
guns and I could just never never hit
target very very well so I don't think
it's smart for me to really honestly
ever have a gun I feel like in most
situations it would probably do more
harm than good anyways last night I
embarked on a fun male journey of
packages that have dis accumulated over
the past of week two weeks
[Music]
so this is a our scrubber sink off to a
good start I know my pension I know this
is probably what you guess it was this
sweater with a penguin riding a polar
bear this is some sick merch from the
one only John Hill god get you yeah okay
so this is actually ridiculously comfy
you might be sold out of these bad boys
but you definitely need to go check it
out I am John Hill calm slow rate will
be below a lot of time a lot so I kill a
lot of plants because I forget to water
things I killed both my ideas
unfortunately they were beautiful I
killed them I got some like fake weeds
don't know what to do is these sorry I
just thinking is going to come like the
picture but so we got some invisible
bookshelf type thing a box inside of a
box I got some more lifehacks light
these are the lights you can control via
Wi-Fi but these aren't bold these are
like a strip of LEDs and so I'm going to
try to do something creative with these
we shall see okay I bought one of those
lights lamp type things that like extend
me you see you see I'm going to do
something with this tomorrow
these are ND filters for my drum
this last package and a new phone
because look at that guy
it's just like seriously Sarah seriously
really really so yeah I'm so happy okay
I'm not on the phone good bye you
cracked sad excuse for fun and now it's
time for a fun adventure to a camera
store B&H photo video because today
today I'm going to do a little a little
apartment segment I feel like I should
have my own HGTV shows like will Sarah's
New York City apartment ever be ready
for a YouTube NYC apartment or we shall
call it um I'm back I feel like this is
my second home but I have to grab stuff
for a fun project almost a DNA squad
look new friend introduce yourself I'm
going to put her and scram down mr. Sun
she's like insane
you don't know if DNA each photo is it
is a massive massive camera store in the
heart of New York City so here's the
deal
I'm building a overhead rig wouldn't
even call this think this overhead rig
jaws bending so I need some seamless and
I need a new quick and shoot so these
are all of the color options for some
stainless seamless they're basically
just big rolls of colored paper oh look
it's my favorite booth my Sony homie
this dude does live to snapchat for all
the DNA socials but this doohickey what
is it called
it's the 360 this is it called like
faders or don't need a three feet okay
and so you put on your phone and you can
go live on periscope in 360 that blows
on mine so the idea for this rig that
I'm building is just have a camera like
a point shoot that is firmly on this rig
or lamp
I am literally building this with a plan
so we'll see how it's going on but I'm
going to get another Sony point shoot
and just look it up I love the art 100
series that's what I'm going to get
today these are all the sony point shoes
I didn't know they have white ones took
uses dnh photo Instagram okay photo tips
and when you hit that record button
always company I call my name like a
lovely always have eight seconds like
steady footage is very poised I can wait
okay okay
it took me it took me well which tries
to do I got to good I got the goods i
think it's not time to go fill this
thing out where's my phone I think it's
gonna work gonna be auction I do I have
man
okay okay I got the thing back to the
apartment I haven't eaten all day so of
course I had to stop by the local coffee
shop for a coffee and a everything bagel
in between everything bagels and sweet
green salads like what else is there in
life you know some kind of path I have
lived some life it's dark out by now but
I'm ready I'm ready to get this going so
I don't need the lamp part but I just
somehow have to figure out how to attach
my camera to this end
[Music]
you
and I think it actually did it
ignore the messy desk with this desk you
know it's a beautiful white backdrop is
the stance it death but elevates and
goes down I have my two famous paper so
these are two colored backdrops I can
put on the desk here's the moment you
from waiting for
I got it up so this is probably the most
like minimal overhead shooting rig that
has ever existed
I finally got my camera connected I'm
also going to put posters and stuff
around here but look look at this took
forever but you just take this expand it
however much you need it now will be
like a beautiful top-down shot of what's
being shot down below it's an arts 100
so it has a screen so we'll be able to
see it right here oh my gosh yes this
gets me so excited so this beautiful
just top-down shot
fresh
[Music]